WG and WolfSSL feedback - pass 1 (#37)
hannestschofenig/tls-dual-certs: draft-yusef-tls-pqt-dual-certs.md

TLS 1.3 defines the `Certificate` message to carry a list of certificate entries representing a single chain. This document reuses the same structure to convey two certificate chains by concatenating them and inserting a delimiter in the form of a zero-length certificate entry.

> A zero-length certificate is defined as a `CertificateEntry` with an empty `cert_data` field and omitted `extensions` field. TLS 1.3 prohibits the use of empty certificate entries, making this delimiter unambiguous and an ideal boundry between the two certificate chains. Implementations MUST treat all entries before the zero-length delimiter as the first certificate chain (typically traditional), and all entries after it as the second certificate chain (typically post-quantum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A zero-length certificate is defined as a `CertificateEntry` with an empty `cert_data` field and omitted `extensions` field. TLS 1.3 prohibits the use of empty certificate entries, making this delimiter an unambiguous boundary between the two certificate chains. Implementations MUST treat all entries before the zero-length delimiter as the first certificate chain (typically traditional), and all entries after it as the second certificate chain (typically post-quantum).
```
